So which new features are we going to add to this application we will have two kinds of new features.
One feature block is the unauthenticated part.
So users sign up and sign in and the Arab block of new features is connected to storing data on a server
and for days we will need to be authenticated.
So any unauthenticated plot we're going to add a sign in and sign up page and a side menu which allows
us to sign in and sign up.
Well then once we are FINUCAN it we mainly need to implement this load and save methods or functionality
here so that we can store data on our server and load it or fetch it from there.
Also we will have to side menu in the authenticated part to their desired menu will allow us to log
out or just well go back to our app here.
So these are the two new major blocks we're going to add are two major new features and I want to start
with the authentication part.
Now for days we will all need a couple of new pages to sign up and sign in page and we will add this
side menu.
All things we already learned.
You can of course always go ahead and start working on this.
I will start doing is to get with you in the next lectures.